Document OES_draw_buffers_indexed (#24707)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/oes_draw_buffers_indexed/blendequationseparateioes/index.md

---
title: OES_draw_buffers_indexed.blendEquationSeparateiOES()
slug: Web/API/OES_draw_buffers_indexed/blendEquationSeparateiOES
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.OES_draw_buffers_indexed.blendEquationSeparateiOES 
---

{{APIRef("WebGL")}}

> The `blendEquationSeparateiOES()` method of the `OES_draw_buffers_indexed` WebGL extension sets the RGB blend equation and alpha blend equation separately for a particular draw buffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `blendEquationSeparateiOES()` method of the {{DOMxRef("OES_draw_buffers_indexed")}} WebGL extension sets the RGB and alpha blend equations separately for a particular draw buffer.
```
